Controlling typing flags (#9004)
coq/coq: doc/sphinx/language/gallina-specification-language.rst

      The types of the constructors have to satisfy a *positivity condition*
      (see Section :ref:`positivity`). This condition ensures the soundness of

>       the inductive definition. The positivity checking can be disable using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      the inductive definition. The positivity checking can be disabled using
```

>       the command :cmd:`Unset Positivity Checking` or the attribute

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      the flag :flag:`Positivity Checking` or the attribute
```

>       ``assume_positive`` (see :ref:`gallina-attributes`).

Reviewer: Would be good to show a small example, which may also help explaining what the use cases are. Actually, since you have put this example in another section, a link to this section would also be fine (use `.. seealso::`).
